1.How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?
	"diff" helped me find the bug much faster because it shows me a much cleaner look off the lines added and the lines that have been deleted/ not present in the new file.

2.How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?
	I think that having an entire history of a file is like a safety net for programmers and this makes us more efficient because if a mistake occurs we can go back to the previous edit of the file and fix the new problem.

3.What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google docs does? 
	I would agree with what was said in the video. User error becomes a big part of your work when you manually have to commit. Forgetting to commit or making a commit at the inappropriate time might cause difficulty, but automatic saving usually means that you can't see your previous work offline and some saved versions might be insignificant.
4.Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
	Git does this because as a programmer we usually work on projects involving more than one file and chances are that they are related. While average users tend to only work on single unrelated files.
5.How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
	Both these commands can be used in a very efficient way to find mistakes and or revert to an earlier version of the project or file.
6.How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
	As I had said in the second reflection, it is like a safety net for programmers this gives us more confidence wen working on lines of code because we know that if a bug shows up we can go back and fix it.
7.Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
	I would like to use git as a new way for  me to manage my files but mainly use Git with Github to work/ help with projects with my friends.